You really have some nerve!
Your Majesty, what are you doing here?
Those despicable people, one plays the role of the good cop, the other the bad cop.
It’s a pity they don’t form a theater troupe.
Your Majesty.
This is a dragon bone soup I personally made for you.
Please try it. You’ve worked hard.
The pot you’ve been discussing.
This Fanghua tea has been given to you for a year.
How does it taste?
I added a bit of Soul-shattering Powder to it today.
In the past life, after I was poisoned by Consort Yang,
Prince Duan invaded the palace.
They should have dealt with him.
If it weren’t for the Empress’s decisive action killing Consort Yin,
Shan Town might have fallen into the hands of these vile lovers.
Why is this despicable emperor looking at me?
Is he going to make a move against me?
Speak up, what’s all this commotion about?
If I hadn’t come,
the harem would have been in chaos.